chore: add maintainers guide (#4348)
github-aws-runners/terraform-aws-github-runner: MAINTAINERS.md

# Maintainers guide

Roles and responsibilities of the maintainers of the project.

## Maintainers

| Name      | GitHub   | Affiliation |
| --------- | -------- | ----------- |
| Niek Palm | [@npalm] | Philips     |

## Responsibilities

### Pull Requests

Maintainers are responsible to review and merge pull requests. Currently we have no end-to-end automation to test a pull request. Here a short guide how to review a pull request.

#### Guidelines

> - Check if changes is implement for both modules (root and multi-runner)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Check if changes are implemented for both modules (root and multi-runner)
```
